back in 2009 people in ishikawa japan
saw a kind of rain no one's ever seen
before it was raining tadpoles
first reason is that the wind that day
was so strong it lifted and carried all
those tadpoles away in no time
the second possible reason is that big
birds such as gulls
just dropped them while they were flying
to their nests some scientists believe
these creatures were hauled off the
ground by a water spout
and rained down later by the way that
day
people found not only tadpoles but also
frogs and fish instead of bottles
and yep it can be raining worms too some
people claim they've seen snake rings
it was a lovely spring in 1876 in bath
county kentucky
mrs crouch was making soap in the yard
of her house when she suddenly noticed
it started raining
meat it wasn't ground meat those were
large three inches on diameter chunks of
meat
falling right on her two volunteers were
brave enough to try that grizzly looking
meat of unknown origin
and they said it tasted like lamb or
deer well they were no foodies it turned
out to be beef
such cases were registered in europe too
and the only logical explanation
of meat showers is that buzzards flying
over
just drop meat pieces they say for lunch
with no luggage their bodies are lighter
and they can fly
easier wow i wish it rained donuts on me
once
greens aren't unusual for oakville
washington but this one still doesn't
have any solid explanation
instead of common raindrops people watch
translucent jelly-like blobs
falling down from the skies these little
things covered about 20 square miles
those who got really close to that sort
of rain
said they felt bad the next day
scientists studied those blobs and
realized they contained
human white blood cells but other tests
later showed it wasn't true
some people think these might have been
evaporated jellyfish
which resulted in rain or it could
simply be some waste from a commercial
plane
almost the same thing happened in 2012
in dorset uk
during a hail storm people found gelatin
balls together with hailstones
researchers collected these goopy balls
and stored them in a fridge to study
later
turns out it wasn't necessary since the
slimy blobs didn't melt at room
temperature
no one is sure even now about where the
balls came from
but the first idea was that those were
eggs of some aquatic animal
carried by birds right up in the sky
later tests proved that the jelly
substance was a chemical
that acts as a water log and is used in
many commercial products
even cables to protect them from water
australian spiders are notorious
and to frighten people they even learn
how to rain
spider rains are a pretty common thing
for australia because of ballooning
they climb up trees then spin strands of
silk
and that's why the wind can carry them
away usually people don't notice it but
when it's wet
hundreds of spiders climb up to more
desirable places
people say that when it rains or snows
it's possible to see spiders literally
drift down on those webs
as if they were balloons if you ever
travel to the mekong delta
you'll probably have a chance to see
glowing balls rising up from the water
and beelining straight into the air the
locals call these
the naga fireballs sizes may vary so
these reddish balls can be as tiny as a
cherry
and as large as a watermelon during the
night you can see dozens and sometimes
even thousands of fireballs scientists
don't have any solid explanation why it
happens
but it's probably flammable gas released
by the marshy environment
still a local superstition claims it's
all because of a giant serpent
living in the mekong tornadic water
spout is a tornado that doesn't occur on
land but on water the speed of the
tornado can be really high
the water is collected and partially
pulled up it manages to pull fish and
even turtles up into the air
actually raining fish can also be
explained by this weather phenomenon
the same might happen on the snow too
but it's really rare
there are only six pictures of snow
spouts four of which were taken in
ontario
this weather phenomenon requires that
the water is warm enough to produce fog
while the air temperature is really cold
next to impossible
lava is red sky is blue i'm on bright
side and so are you
okay i made that up but the part about
the lava being red
can change that's true especially if you
see the lava flowing from kauai gen
volcano located in indonesia
it has a typical red color during the
day but at night
it turns luminescent blue no mystery
behind it just
tons of sulfuric acid this volcano also
has the largest acidic crater lake in
the world
the water there is so turquoise you want
to jump in immediately
but you probably already guessed that
you should never ever do that
the fire on that volcano is also blue
and it's the largest blue
fire in the world rising up to 16 feet
in some places water may look like glass
white salt pods
might look like windows or even portals
to the world underneath
they have their look because of salt
evaporation and such lakes can be found
in france and
india but the cargill salt pods in the
san francisco bay area
look even crazier because of vibrant
colors the shades vary
it can be deep blue grass green orange
crimson
vermilion and even magenta the color
difference is all about the different
levels of salinity
and tiny microorganisms living in those
ponds
on the shore of the baltic sea in
kaliningrad district russia
there's an enigmatic national park
called dancing forest
the pine trees are all crooked and
twisted there the forest didn't appear
until the early 60s
when the pines were planted to make the
dune sand in that area a bit more stable
it's probably the unstable sand that
made those trees twist that way
another reason why those trees are so
crooked might be strong winds
some people claim it has something to do
with supernatural powers
they say this forest is a place where
positive and negative energies meet
locals believe if someone climbs through
one of the rings in those trees
it'll add an extra year to this person's
life
the throbbing hum in taos new mexico has
driven locals crazy since the 1990s
low frequency hum doesn't let you sleep
normally even though scientists tried so
hard to find the source of the home
they failed they blamed it on mechanical
devices
and even animals the west seattle home
for example was related to toad fish
different variations of hum were also
heard in the uk
australia and in some areas of the
united states
luckily only about two percent of the
world's population can hear it
not to lessen clouds or simply night
clouds are so rare because
one they only form in summer and two
they can
only be seen at latitudes between 50 and
70 degrees
both north and south to see those clouds
the sun should be already below the
horizon but the clouds still have to be
in sunlight
it's possible for the highest clouds in
the atmosphere which are located about
50 miles up
we can't see them during the day because
they're too faint
fairy rings also known as elf rings or
pixie rings
are the enigmatic rings of mushrooms
that appear in grasslands and forested
areas
scientists can't explain why these fungi
can form nearly perfect circles
but the superstition claims that fairy
dances would burn the ground causing
mushrooms rapid growth
in fact it's partially true the
mushrooms grow in places where a grass
withered the amazon river one of the
longest on our planet
stretches for 4 000 miles which is more
than a drive from vienna to new delhi
but there's one river in south america
that beats the amazon river twice
first it's wider second nobody ever saw
it
it's an amazon underwater twin called
the hamsa river
and it runs two and a half miles
underneath scientists found it 10 years
ago
back in 2011. don't blink or you'll miss
this rarest weather phenomenon
red sprites are electrical discharges in
the sky that look a bit like an aurora
it's super powerful about 10 times
stronger than any regular lightning but
it lasts just a couple of seconds they
were first photographed in 1989 and
there are still
very few photos and video recordings of
this lightning
to make a video that can clearly show
red sprites
it should be at about 7 000 frames per
second
well i'm out